DC EPISCOPAL FELLOWSHIP
As we enter the seasons of Easter and spring, everything is blooming. We celebrate the joy of the resurrection as our world wakes up from its winter slumber. Please join us for our spring events, filled with faith, fellowship, and lots of fun!
Looking Back to Winter 2026

February 2026:                   St. Paul’s Parish
In February, we celebrated the Feast of Candlemas at St. Paul’s K Street and came together afterwards for a fellowship dinner.
March 2026: Grace’s Table
In March, DCEF volunteered at Grace’s Table, a ministry of Grace Church in Georgetown, where anyone in need can come together and share a meal.
Upcoming Events
This spring, we have a full calendar of fun events! From baseball to scavenger hunts, we hope you will join us as we come together in this season of joy and community. You can find all of the information for all of our events on the DCEF Instagram or Partiful!

Evening Prayer
and Happy Hour
This Wednesday, April 15th, we’ll be gathering at 6 p.m. at Lincoln Park for evening prayer followed by a happy hour at Barrel on Pennsylvania Ave. 
RSVP Here

Becoming the Church of Tomorrow Event
Join Bishop Mariann Budde and Canon Stephanie Spellers for an evening of worship, food, and great conversation! Spellers’s latest book, Church Tomorrow?, wrestles with the decline of traditional religion, the wisdom of nonreligious Millennials and Gen Zs, and our call to be courageous witnesses for the God of love. 
RSVP Here


DCEF Baseball Game
On Saturday, May 2nd, join us 3:30 at the Nationals Stadium for an afternoon of fun and fellowship at a very special Star Wars themed game! Please email  dcepiscopalfellowship@gmail.com to reserve a ticket or with any questions!
RSVP Here

Spring Scavenger Hunt   and Social
We will come together at All Souls’ Episcopal Church for a spring-themed scavenger hunt and social on May 23rd. The scavenger hunt will begin at 2 p.m., and light food and refreshments will follow!
RSVP Here

Events around    the Diocese
We are also partnering with other organizations to host and spread word of events young adults in the diocese might be interested in. If you have any ideas of events you know about or are hosting please share it with us using this form!


River Cleanup  
Join us for the Water & Wilderness Church Earth Day Clean Up Event at Gravelly Point Park on April 18th, beginning at 9!


Community Sing-Along 
We’ll be gathering with our friends at Water & Wilderness Church to hear Father Pete Nunnally lead us in music at the Titanic Memorial on April 23rd at 7 p.m.

Forwarded this email? Email dcepiscopalfellowship@gmail.com 
to get on the email list!